Refactor Openscd profile structure (#5)
openscd/.github: profile/README.md

![OpenSCD Header Picture](./assets/header.png)
# ⚡️ OpenSCD - IEC 61850 SCL editing tool​

**For:** utility/integrator/vendor companies​  
**Who want:** to have flexibility, agility and efficiency in their SCL configurations​  

> **That offers:** a web front-end, open source, extensible, customizable, user friendly, SCL editing​  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**That offers:** a web front-end, open-source, extensible, customizable, user-friendly SCL editing​  
```

> **Unlike:** proprietary and vendor specific tools​

Author: ```suggestion
```

> **Unlike:** proprietary and vendor specific tools​

Reviewer: I prefer to avoid pejoratives, I would remove the "Unlike" and retain a positive vision. TBH I think there are good things about proprietary and vendor specific tools, even if they are not my preference...

Author: So, you would remove it completely?

Reviewer: It's just me, I don't feel strongly about it :wink:

Author: I'm neutral. I understand both sides. Maybe we can discuss it in the team

Reviewer 2: Let's remove it

> Our product gives you flexibility and control over your own raodmap and this ultimatevely prevents any vendor-lock-in. Using the community open-source approach to agree on software level will help you to accelerate the energy transition. OpenSCD aims to provide modules to do system configuration as well as system specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our product gives you flexibility and control over your own roadmap, and this ultimately prevents vendor-lock-in. The open-source community approach to developing software will help accelerate the energy transition. OpenSCD aims to provide modules to do system configuration as well as system specification.
```

## 👩‍💻 Useful resources

> 👉 Pulbic hosted version: https://openscd.github.io/  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 Public hosted version: https://openscd.github.io/  
```
